Animation 13 (seismic waveforms) (#4400)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/animations/anim13.rst

.. _anim13:

> (13) Animating Time-Series
> ==========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(13) Animating time-series (seismograms)
=========================================
```
One final recommendation

> Here we demonstrate how one can animate a time-series so that the line grows in length and temporarily
> change pen thickness and color/intensity as it is being written.  The trick we use is to convert the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we demonstrate how one can animate a time-series so that the line grows in length and the
pen thickness and color/intensity changes as it is being written.  The trick we use is to convert the
```
